Update of README (#1)
ftl/midi2tci: README.md

midi2tci allows you to control the ExpertSDR software through the TCI protocol using an USB MIDI device.

> This tool is written in Go on Linux. It work on Windows and might also work on OSX, but I did not try that out.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tool is written in Go on Linux, but it works also on Windows and OSX.
```
